In Yes today is in the Shin Hano Okubo vintage guitar specialty shop hyper Guitars
I am bothered by
On the other King Please do this is to tell the one of which will immediately Yada today in the
Though in I'm good in the guy that has been said in the form of I say guitar
I am a 1959 grade student and I will be a Gibson Les Paul
It is a standard
It is made in 59 years to write in the mode so it is OK it can not say
I think I'm a chair which is also in what it another all that part of that so-called at that time
Also Kedomo you do not you're doing old Auriane President
It is very rare to be kept in this state despite the small number of production
Will be
Already
I grain's mode Chigifufesu
Looks it is to say Dar something anymore at all seasoned different to the recent child guitar of wood This is another
It is really the texture of this
It seems like I can not reproduce the current technology after all in this way
It is the quality of painting It seems that it is difficult without such
This guitar very interesting episode is to say that there is It is a tired Hollywood
It is a star Johnny Depp's came to the store of Ma ah That guitar very much
It was a day when I entered that day, I already felt like I wanted to bring it back already
I went to feel great
By the way, this area it is it is that something very amazing it this trick tower anymore anymore
I do that once is the selling price of now I still another 28 million yen in the form of Tteyuu be solved
From
It's because it's attached, but there are those who seem to be more concerned about that hurdles
Please come and try it if you like that so please listen to the sound immediately
There was that had you
Yes
ni
car
me
Ah ah ah ah
[musics]
ana
nao
ni
car
Yes, the other the other that there is one by one in the past separation between it 's such I as too good clean
It is this that you can hear
Well it's the magic of the 59th grade sound spawn, this is very good
sound creation, such that it is well difficult to the separation of the rest Rutte say and quite sound there
I think it will still be a neck, but I did not need to worry about that
Hurdles Ja Thank you noon probably amazing large real is the tee what
Thank you
2000 edition Jagen